# CP3402A2
Our project is building a website about Baizonn Learning Center is a tutoring center that believes in establishing a strong foundation in mathematics and science principles. They offer subjects such as Science and Mathematics, and advanced courses such as Integrated Programme (IP) Mathematics and Science, and International Baccalaureate (IB) Mathematics and Science. They are an Academic Channel Partner for S.T.E.M. with National Instruments.

The center aims to nurture a love for learning in students and empower them to think beyond the confines of the classroom. They have passionate teachers who motivate and nurture every student to achieve their best and to build the right attitudes to ingrain a love for learning.

The platform we use is wordpress. Wordpress is a content management system developed using PHP language and MySQL database. Users can set up their own websites on servers that support these technologies. WordPress has extensive third-party template and plugin support, allowing users to easily customize the appearance and functionality of their websites. However, creating one's own template requires some expertise in programming languages such as HTML, CSS, and PHP.

And we also have 3 plugins for it, they are MapPress Google Maps Leaflet Maps and
Responsive WordPress Slider and Soliloquy Lite and WS Form LITE. WS Form LITE is a simple, easy-to-use, and flexible WordPress contact form plugin that allows us to customize various types of forms. It supports custom email notifications, Ajax submission, and jQuery form plugin integration. It can also be combined with Akismet to filter spam emails and supports CAPTCHA to prevent spam. It offers a variety of form fields such as radio buttons, checkboxes, text fields, drop-down menus, buttons, file uploads, and more. We use it to allow our users to submit their information tjat we can contact to them. And it’s in our booking page. MapPress Google Maps is a WordPress plugin that allows customers to easily locate our study center. It is highly customizable and supports multiple locations and markers for interactive maps on your website. Simply input an address, name, or coordinates to add a new location, and choose from over 20 predefined icon types or create your own custom icons. Notable features include over 50 location markers, three types of marker animations, four map types (roadmap, ***, hybrid, and terrain), five Google Maps layers (POI, traffic, transit, bicycle, and street view), automatic route building from visitor location, URL redirection for each clickable marker, and support for over 60 languages. We use it in our contact page. It can shows our specific location of our learning center. For the third one is WordPress Slider - Soliloquy Lite. It’s located in our page’s bottom. You can slide the picture to view more.
